Remove callout to Cost Estimation tutorial in favor of the usage doc (#506)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.10.x/docs/intro/use-cases.mdx

### Resources

> - The [cost estimation documentation](/terraform/cloud-docs/cost-estimation) provides information to estimate the cost of infrastructure changes and define policies to limit it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [cost estimation documentation](/terraform/cloud-docs/cost-estimation) describes how to use the cost estimation feature and how to define policies that limit costs associated with infrastructure changes.
```
It might be silly, but the original wording sounds as if the docs actually has cost estimation and policy data.
